yo what's up guys that she bought
operation is C coming to you from day 28
campus it's call of duty for how y'all
doing that they're bigger than that
YouTube land was bringing you one of the
last modern warfare 3 gameplay' that I
have on my hard drive as of right now
until black ops 2 comes out and then
we're gonna give black ops 2 a try and
see how that goes I'm not gonna say this
is gonna be my last modern warfare 3
game because as you all know black ops 1
but sucks it was complete garbage it
sucks and the only thing that good came
out of that game was dumb so I'm not
gonna say that this is my last modern
warfare 3 game ever because it might not
be I have been playing the game for the
last two days online or offline against
the box and the guns and the hit
detection is awesome the sound is
complete garbage still sounds like
you're walking around with a bunch of
suitcases but then today yesterday the
servers came online and today I finally
got an opportunity to jump on and
actually against get to play against
real morons it was quite an honestly if
unbelievable bullshit so frustrated with
everybody sitting in corners and the
quick scoper and the campers it is
ridiculous I don't know if it's just
because nobody knows the maps or if it's
the type of people who have the game
right now or your higher tier players
such as fisticuffs myself you know I
heard phase of playing off the nation
optic gaming was playing you know the
people who got the game right now are
your try hordes are you people who
actually do really good at the game so
it might be where some of my
frustrations coming from but it seems
like the spawn systems they're okay but
on a few of the maps they tend to flop
and they the right behind you man I
might come on man but uh
I see what else about black ops 2 min
hey you know I'll talk about it more
tonight in the stream oh that's why it
by the way if you guys don't know drunk
sex three drunk sex 3 yeah that's what
we're doing tonight guys drunk sex 3
it's gonna be a livestream at two a.m.
eastern standard time if you guys are up
and around on Twitter make sure you
follow up follow me on twitter if you're
not no way you catch the stream link
it'll be like said 2 a.m. eastern
standard time we're gonna have freedom
fries miss freedom fries trihard game of
x we might get so close to toast in here
mr. nappy king or king nappy whatever
his name is kid merc might have lady
merc in here too but we're gonna have a
little conversation about sex that's
right y'all a little conversations about
sex sex yeah I know I'm not right but
that's okay everybody's normal who wants
to be normal right if you're normal
you're just like everybody else big deal
watch the shot watch the shack but make
sure you guys check out the stream
tonight like I said it's gonna be on my
channel 2 a.m. eastern standard time
follow me on Twitter baby and then
you'll get the link we do a random thing
every every other night of the week we
are always on me to try hard what I want
to start doing is doing some mob shit
they had some context to it last unit
we've just been getting on your goofing
off with the name of da god I can't
think of her name now Delaney did shit I
can't think of her name on it'll come to
me in a minute devonee that's a name
Deveny she was on last night oh man she
was a hoot she was a hoot and we had mr.
get him on he slept through the whole
thing
dude if you watch this dream from last
night you guys it's called whatever it's
the name of it if you get bored go watch
it scoot through about three quarters of
the way and just start watching trihard
face man just keep watching his face
dude he he's hilarious he's making these
faces mad but um what else was I gonna
say black ops 2 gonna prestige maybe I
want to get awareness I want to see what
that's like I want to see if awareness
is like sitrep pro and if fisticuffs has
any legit bitch to what he's saying
about it because I'd honestly don't
think it's gonna be a problem because
the sound in black ops 2 is it's just
crazy there is so much going on you
can't distinguish nothing from nothing
so I don't think it's gonna be a problem
the gun there's one called us chicken
watching a chimichanga chimichanga CMOS
or whatever I don't know what the name
of is the three-round burst submachine
gun uh oh man oh man that thing's a
beast dude that's the gun to have but I
haven't got an unlock shit in online
place so i'm waiting to get that uh uh
what else what else what else anyway um
you don't know what the same in oh I
gotta stop and get beer I will go on a
beer run on the way home make sure I
have plenty of beer in here because you
as you all know well man you cannot have
a drunk text partying without alcohol so
um yeah check this out I shoot this guy
I get an assist thank you um turn the
corner look at these two newbies good
job newbies good job newbies uh and
these kids just our garbage garbage
garbage well I was gonna tell you all uh
everybody that I played in black ops 2
so far I've not seen a decent score I
think the best score i saw was 32 and 10
the drop shot bitch that was it and
that's out of I don't know 10 15 20
games uh I've got a 30 akt on there
right now I'm beeston but it's not as it
there's no out nobody's getting too high
killstreaks I haven't seen the high
killstreak shit so
maybe it's pretty difficult to get that
maybe they'll get nerfed I don't know
we'll see but anyway this your vibration
in C blast my warfare 3 video right now
until black ops 2 comes out from Sao
Paulo to olan olan yo thanks for
watching guys I appreciate it if you
liked the video please hit the like
button if you comment I will get back to
your comment and if you're not
subscribed make sure you subscribe also
make sure you follow me on Twitter
because that is where you get all the
information on my new videos and the
live streams and all that goodie stuff
that's coming up and in case you missed
my last video it's the world's most
enthusiastic commented commentator
commentating commentator commentating so
you'll make sure you go watch that
anyway this your vibration NC peace